Always yield list items on separate lines if a conditional is present (#3002)
fsprojects/fantomas: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

> Always yield list items on separate lines if a conditional is present. [#3002](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/pull/3002)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed
Always yield list items on separate lines if a conditional is present. [#2972](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/issues/2972)
```
